README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width=60% src="https://i.imgur.com/ZWAtLwR.png"></p>

# Running

### With Go

Make sure you have [go](https://golang.org/doc/install) installed.

1. Download modules

```sh
go mod download
```

2. Install modules

```sh
go install .
```

3. Run the server

```sh
go run main.go
```

### With docker

Make sure you have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed.

1. Build the image

```sh
docker build -t atc-server .
```

2. Run the image

```sh
docker run -p 9000:9000 atc-server
```

3. Your server will now be available at `http://localhost:9000/`

# Usage

The server has 4 main routes:

- `/atc` - [docs](./docs/atc.md)
- `/wishlist` - [docs](./docs/wishlist.md)
- `/set_locale` - [docs](./docs/set_locale.md)
- `/redirect` - [docs](./docs/redirect.md)

---

# Adding more sites

All supported sites are configured in the `config.json` file and are loaded dynamically, so to add a new site for either ATC/ Wishlist, all you need to do is add the proper URLs to the config file.

If you'd want to add another site to the locale picker, all you need to do is add an entry [into the router file](/internal/router.go#L28). You may also want to configure the [`setLocaleHandler`](./internal/handlers.go#L141) function.

Each site in the config file is expected to have the following structure:

```json
"name_of_the_site": { // this will then be the required query parameter for the /atc and /wishlist routes
    "atc_supported": true, // whether or not Adding to Cart is supported
    "wishlist_supported": true, // whether or not Adding to Wishlist is supported
    "wait_for_submit": false, // Whether or not should the script wait for the form to finish submitting before redirecting
    "locales": { // each entry in the locales object is understood as a new locale. There always has to be at least one, default one named 'default'.
      "default": {
        "atc_url": "https://onygo.com/add-product?format=ajax",
        "atc_redirect_url": "https://www.onygo.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-ong-DE-Site/de_DE/Checkout-Login"
      }
    }
  }
```

Commit message:

[DOCS] - Update docker command
Add a docker command for pulling the image directly from dockerhub

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width=60% src="https://i.imgur.com/ZWAtLwR.png"></p>

# Running

### With Go

Make sure you have [go](https://golang.org/doc/install) installed.

1. Download modules

```sh
go mod download
```

2. Install modules

```sh
go install .
```

3. Run the server

```sh
go run main.go
```

### With docker

Make sure you have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed.

#### You can either pull the image from dockerhub:

```sh
docker run -p 9000:9000 --name atc-server arturhnat/bonzay:atc-server
```

#### or after cloning this repo, you can:

1. Build the image

```sh
docker build -t atc-server .
```

2. Run the image

```sh
docker run -p 9000:9000 atc-server
```

3. Your server will now be available at `http://localhost:9000/`

# Usage

The server has 4 main routes:

- `/atc` - [docs](./docs/atc.md)
- `/wishlist` - [docs](./docs/wishlist.md)
- `/set_locale` - [docs](./docs/set_locale.md)
- `/redirect` - [docs](./docs/redirect.md)

---

# Adding more sites

All supported sites are configured in the `config.json` file and are loaded dynamically, so to add a new site for either ATC/ Wishlist, all you need to do is add the proper URLs to the config file.

If you'd want to add another site to the locale picker, all you need to do is add an entry [into the router file](/internal/router.go#L28). You may also want to configure the [`setLocaleHandler`](./internal/handlers.go#L141) function.

Each site in the config file is expected to have the following structure:

```json
"name_of_the_site": { // this will then be the required query parameter for the /atc and /wishlist routes
    "atc_supported": true, // whether or not Adding to Cart is supported
    "wishlist_supported": true, // whether or not Adding to Wishlist is supported
    "wait_for_submit": false, // Whether or not should the script wait for the form to finish submitting before redirecting
    "locales": { // each entry in the locales object is understood as a new locale. There always has to be at least one, default one named 'default'.
      "default": {
        "atc_url": "https://onygo.com/add-product?format=ajax",
        "atc_redirect_url": "https://www.onygo.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-ong-DE-Site/de_DE/Checkout-Login"
      }
    }
  }
```
